Add more issue templates (#3761)
expo/expo: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

---
name: "🙋 Feature Request"
about: Want us to add something to Expo?
---

<!--
  Thanks for helping us make Expo even better! 😀

>   Unfortunately, it's not the right place for feature requests. Please vote or post it at https://expo.canny.io instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Unfortunately, this is not the right place for feature requests. Please find and upvote your feature (or create a new one) at https://expo.canny.io instead.
```
